you shall not sacrifice to the Lord your
you shall not sacrifice to the Lord your God a bull or sheep which has any
God a bull or sheep which has any
God a bull or sheep which has any blemish or defect for that is an
blemish or defect for that is an
blemish or defect for that is an abomination to the Lord your God if
abomination to the Lord your God if
abomination to the Lord your God if there is found among you within any of
there is found among you within any of
there is found among you within any of your gates which the Lord your God gives
your gates which the Lord your God gives
your gates which the Lord your God gives you a man or a woman who has been wicked
you a man or a woman who has been wicked
you a man or a woman who has been wicked in the sight of the Lord your God in
in the sight of the Lord your God in
in the sight of the Lord your God in transgressing his covenant who has gone
transgressing his covenant who has gone
transgressing his covenant who has gone and served other gods and worship them
and served other gods and worship them
and served other gods and worship them either the Sun or moon or any of the
either the Sun or moon or any of the
either the Sun or moon or any of the hosts of heaven which I have not
hosts of heaven which I have not
hosts of heaven which I have not commanded and it is told you and you
commanded and it is told you and you
commanded and it is told you and you hear of it
hear of it
hear of it then you shall inquire diligently and if
then you shall inquire diligently and if
then you shall inquire diligently and if it is indeed truth and certain that such
it is indeed truth and certain that such
it is indeed truth and certain that such an abomination has been committed in
an abomination has been committed in
an abomination has been committed in Israel
Israel
Israel then you shall bring out to your gates
then you shall bring out to your gates
then you shall bring out to your gates that man or woman who has committed that
that man or woman who has committed that
that man or woman who has committed that wicked thing and shall stone to death
wicked thing and shall stone to death
wicked thing and shall stone to death that man or woman with stones whoever is
that man or woman with stones whoever is
that man or woman with stones whoever is deserving of death shall be put to death
deserving of death shall be put to death
deserving of death shall be put to death on the testimony of two or three
on the testimony of two or three
on the testimony of two or three witnesses he shall not be put to death
witnesses he shall not be put to death
witnesses he shall not be put to death on the testimony of one witness the
on the testimony of one witness the
on the testimony of one witness the hands of the witnesses shall be the
hands of the witnesses shall be the
hands of the witnesses shall be the first against him to put him to death
first against him to put him to death
first against him to put him to death and afterward the hands of all the
and afterward the hands of all the
and afterward the hands of all the people so you shall put away the evil
people so you shall put away the evil
people so you shall put away the evil from among you if a matter arises which
from among you if a matter arises which
from among you if a matter arises which is too hard for you to judge between
is too hard for you to judge between
is too hard for you to judge between degrees of guilt for bloodshed between
degrees of guilt for bloodshed between
degrees of guilt for bloodshed between one judgement or another
one judgement or another
one judgement or another or between one punishment or another
or between one punishment or another
or between one punishment or another matters of controversy within your gates
matters of controversy within your gates
matters of controversy within your gates then you shall arise and go up to the
then you shall arise and go up to the
then you shall arise and go up to the place which the Lord your God chooses
place which the Lord your God chooses
place which the Lord your God chooses and you shall come to the priests the
and you shall come to the priests the
and you shall come to the priests the Levites and to the judge there in those
Levites and to the judge there in those
Levites and to the judge there in those days and inquire of them they shall
days and inquire of them they shall
days and inquire of them they shall pronounce upon you the sentence of
pronounce upon you the sentence of
pronounce upon you the sentence of judgment you shall do according to the
judgment you shall do according to the
judgment you shall do according to the sentence which they pronounce upon you
sentence which they pronounce upon you
sentence which they pronounce upon you in that place which the Lord chooses and
in that place which the Lord chooses and
in that place which the Lord chooses and you shall be careful to do according to
you shall be careful to do according to
you shall be careful to do according to all that they order you according to the
all that they order you according to the
all that they order you according to the sentence of the law in which they
sentence of the law in which they
sentence of the law in which they instruct you according to the judgment
instruct you according to the judgment
instruct you according to the judgment which they tell you you shall do you
which they tell you you shall do you
which they tell you you shall do you shall not turn aside to the right hand
shall not turn aside to the right hand
shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left from the sentence which
or to the left from the sentence which
or to the left from the sentence which they pronounce upon you
now the man who acts presumptuously and
now the man who acts presumptuously and will not heed the priest who stands to
will not heed the priest who stands to
will not heed the priest who stands to minister there before the Lord your God
minister there before the Lord your God
minister there before the Lord your God or the judge that man shall die so you
or the judge that man shall die so you
or the judge that man shall die so you shall put away the evil from Israel and
shall put away the evil from Israel and
shall put away the evil from Israel and all the people shall hear and fear and
all the people shall hear and fear and
all the people shall hear and fear and no longer act presumptuously when you
no longer act presumptuously when you
no longer act presumptuously when you come to the land which the Lord your God
come to the land which the Lord your God
come to the land which the Lord your God is giving you and possess it and dwell
is giving you and possess it and dwell
is giving you and possess it and dwell in it and say I will set a king over me
in it and say I will set a king over me
in it and say I will set a king over me like all the nations that are around me
like all the nations that are around me
like all the nations that are around me you shall surely set a king over you
you shall surely set a king over you
you shall surely set a king over you whom the Lord your God chooses one from
whom the Lord your God chooses one from
whom the Lord your God chooses one from among your brethren you shall set as
among your brethren you shall set as
among your brethren you shall set as king over you you may not set a
king over you you may not set a
king over you you may not set a foreigner over you who is not your
foreigner over you who is not your
foreigner over you who is not your brother
brother
brother but he shall not multiply horses for
but he shall not multiply horses for
but he shall not multiply horses for himself no cause the people who to
himself no cause the people who to
himself no cause the people who to return to Egypt to multiply horses for
return to Egypt to multiply horses for
return to Egypt to multiply horses for the Lord has said to you you shall not
the Lord has said to you you shall not
the Lord has said to you you shall not return that way again
return that way again
return that way again neither shall he multiply wives for
neither shall he multiply wives for
neither shall he multiply wives for himself lest his heart turn away nor
himself lest his heart turn away nor
himself lest his heart turn away nor shall he greatly multiply silver and
shall he greatly multiply silver and
shall he greatly multiply silver and gold for himself also it shall be when
gold for himself also it shall be when
gold for himself also it shall be when he sits on the throne of his kingdom
he sits on the throne of his kingdom
he sits on the throne of his kingdom that he shall write for himself a copy
that he shall write for himself a copy
that he shall write for himself a copy of this law in a book from the one
of this law in a book from the one
of this law in a book from the one before the priests the Levites and it
before the priests the Levites and it
before the priests the Levites and it shall be with him and he shall read it
shall be with him and he shall read it
shall be with him and he shall read it all the days of his life that he may
all the days of his life that he may
all the days of his life that he may learn to fear the Lord his God and be
learn to fear the Lord his God and be
learn to fear the Lord his God and be careful to observe all the words of this
careful to observe all the words of this
careful to observe all the words of this law and these statutes and his heart may
law and these statutes and his heart may
law and these statutes and his heart may not be lifted above his brethren that he
not be lifted above his brethren that he
not be lifted above his brethren that he may not turn aside from the commandment
may not turn aside from the commandment
may not turn aside from the commandment to the right hand or to the left
to the right hand or to the left
to the right hand or to the left and that he may prolong his days in his
and that he may prolong his days in his
and that he may prolong his days in his kingdom he and his children in the midst
kingdom he and his children in the midst
kingdom he and his children in the midst of Israel
of Israel
of Israel you